See video, start at 4 minute mark if this text file is not
sufficient to get it to work.

GitHub made 2 changes last summer. They did not 
seem to affect me until  I changed 
my GitHub password. Then I had to change one
setting by typing:

  git config --global push.default simple

And then go through a long process to change how you
let local git have access to remote GitHub.  
When in git you wanted to do a git push, git used 
to just ask for your username and password and it worked.
That no longer works, you need to use a token based system.
There are a few choices, I took the recommended ones.
Here are the steps.

First, install "GitHub CLI" in your virtual machine

go to 
    github.com/cli/cli/releases/tag/v2.5.1

select and click on the 
    gh_2.5.1_linux_386.deb  (or you can just download that file I posted in Canvas)

when the download finishes, open your download folder,
right click on that file new file, and select
from the drop down menu 
    GDebi Pachage Installer

give it the    bcuser    password

Now open a new command window and enter

  gh auth login

You are going to answer all the questions with the defaults.

Answer first question by using the enter key to take the
  select default  > GitHub.com

for the 2nd question, again, take the default, HTTPS, 
  just hit the enter key

for the 3rd question, type capital Y and then enter

for the 4th question, again take the default, which is
Login with a web browser, so just hit the enter key

Important:
Copy down the XXXX-XXXX code it gives you and then
press enter again

It opens a browser window, enter that code, and 
  click the green continue button

In the next screen, just click the green Authorize button

You should see a success screen

Now can go back to the command window where you were trying
to do a push and again do a get push

When you do, it will give you some strange message about 
"Did you mean ..." but ignore all that, you should also
see lines that say "Compressing objects ..."
 "Writing objects ..."
and it will have succeeded.






